README.md, before:

# Kerala-schools-api

A simple API which contains all the basic data about schools in Kerala. Initially it'll be about higher secondary schools from Kasargod to Trivandrum.
As time goes we'll add more schools and more functionalities.!
- Schools data till added - Kasargod - (Higher Secondary Schools)

## Open Source
- If you want to contribute, create a branch and open a pull request

### You can contribute in different ways!
- Yes. You can contribute via codes or you can suggest better readme.
- You can point out issues, you can give feedbacks, suggestions, anything.

Happy Coding ❤

# Documentation
- **To get all schools in a particular district you can do**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/{your district}
```
- **To get all schools in a particular pincode of a district**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/{your district}/{pincode}
```


### Condribution no 1
- Added python code to web-scarp  data from [Kerala HSE website](www.hscap.kerala.gov.in)
- 2000+ Data is cleaned and saved into Pandas Data Frame
- Load entire Dataset into School-data-kerala.json file

- Contributed By [Renjith VS](https://github.com/RENJITHVS/)

Commit message:

readme updated according to the new code

README.md, after:

# Kerala-schools-api

A simple API which contains all the basic data of schools in Kerala. The API contains over **2000** data of schools..!

## Open Source
- If you want to contribute, create a branch and open a pull request

### You can contribute in different ways!
- Yes. You can contribute via codes or you can suggest better readme.
- You can point out issues, you can give feedbacks, suggestions, anything.

Happy Coding ❤

# Documentation
- **To get all schools and their data**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools
```
- **To get all schools in a district**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/{your district}
```
- **To get all school's details by the school code**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/code/{schoolCode}
```
- **To get all school by its type (Government, aided, unaided, etc)**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/type/{schoolType}
```
- **To get the details of a school**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/find/{school}
```
- **To get a school by a place**
```
https://kerala-schools.onrender.com/api/v1/schools/place/{place}
```


### Condribution no 1
- Added python code to web-scarp  data from [Kerala HSE website](www.hscap.kerala.gov.in)
- 2000+ Data is cleaned and saved into Pandas Data Frame
- Load entire Dataset into School-data-kerala.json file

- Contributed By [Renjith VS](https://github.com/RENJITHVS/)
